Ben Pfaff: Yay, monsters.
Ben Pfaff: By yourself. So far.
Ben Pfaff: Hope I didn't… Hope I didn't miss something. Oh, nope, there's, there's Joe.
Ben Pfaff: Down to kill things, don't kill things.
Joe Beda: Hello!
Joe Beda: Hello, can you hear me? There we go.
Ben Pfaff: Hello!
Joe Beda: Oh, man…
Ben Pfaff: Excellent.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, it was such a, such a busy weekend. I had the tartan Ball on, on Saturday.
Joe Beda: Looking good, by the way.
Ben Pfaff: Thank you, thank you. And, we were… we were up till… till 3 a.m, at that, and, you know, I'm…
Joe Beda: I'm too old for that shit now, how do you even do that?
Ben Pfaff: I barely do.
Joe Beda: At some point, you're like, like, why, like,
Ben Pfaff: Well, you know, actually, we tried to go to bed an hour earlier, but
Ben Pfaff: Then we got called back by… there was some crisis that had to be dealt with right then, so…
Joe Beda: There's always a crisis.
Ben Pfaff: And, it's… we didn't… we didn't drive home, we were staying in the same hotel it was held in, so…
Ben Pfaff: It was just a matter of walking down the hall and collapsing.
Joe Beda: So, which hotel, where was this?
Ben Pfaff: This was the San Ramon Marriott.
Joe Beda: So, so my, my, my daughter…
Joe Beda: Nora. She plays, Guilty Gear Strive, one of these fighting games, so think, like, Street Fighter-esque, but, like, with anime and trans people. Yeah.
Joe Beda: And it's just her world is these competitions, and so I'll take her to…
Joe Beda: These events where, like, essentially there's brackets and people will play and whatever, and it's like…
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Joe Beda: It's fascinating that there's these random-ass hotels, like, one is, like, called Frosty Fausting's in, like, suburban Chicago, right?
Ben Pfaff: Nope.
Joe Beda: that will host these, like, events full of just, like, the dorkiest dorks that ever dorked, and I say
Joe Beda: loving way, right? You know what I mean?
Ben Pfaff: Absolutely.
Joe Beda: Hey, girl.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, I'm a member of some of… some… not… not video game groups, but of enough things that…
Joe Beda: Yeah, you're like…
Ben Pfaff: with these hotels.
Joe Beda: There's overlap in these crowds, let's just put it that way, right?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, yeah.
Joe Beda: And the look on the faces of the people working at these hotels, they're like, what the hell did we get ourselves into, is hilarious, because it's a totally different world.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, like, some of these groups, they have to warn people in the rules that they need to be fully clothed when they go into the common areas of the hotel.
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Joe Beda: And there's, like, Comic-Con, but that's big enough that everybody knows, but then there's these, like, micro events, which are just a whole nother world.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, like, there's, there's cons for people who are into hypnosis. There's, cons for people into every little thing you can imagine.
Ben Pfaff: Jewelry trade show going on at the hotel we were at. Oh yeah, the same hotel had a jewelry trade show, and, a group of, I don't know, it was called something like Christian Vision.
Gabe: like, sorry, I just joined, like, optometry? Or, like, what is… what sort of vision?
Ben Pfaff: I assume they were having… The high school, like, fundraiser, senior dinner, banquet… I think it was vision in the sense of a vision statement.
Gabe: Got it.
Ben Pfaff: Unless they were, you know, doing hallucinogens, but probably not in a nice hotel.
Mike Hall: Not dressed up like a, religious…
Mike Hall: Person, but then saying that they were a doctor?
Ben Pfaff: Well, you know, I didn't quiz them, so…
Mike Hall: Okay.
Mike Hall: Who knows?
Ben Pfaff: Did you throw them this year, or did you
Ben Pfaff: Oh, I don't think I showed them the, the other photo that I've got from… We can.
Joe Beda: Okay, so… I have a friend staying with us, cause he's having…
Joe Beda: Trouble in his marriage, so he needs a place to crash for a little bit.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, I understand that.
Joe Beda: What, how do you understand that?
Ben Pfaff: I am… I'm divorced.
Joe Beda: Okay, so you've been through it, like, I'm like, currently, I'm like…
Joe Beda: Currently, I'm okay. There's a voice coming from the background, is there something…
Mike Hall: You need to learn time and place, they can hear you.
Ben Pfaff: But it's…
Joe Beda: his oldest is named Thorin, and he's like, I'm like, I gotta go play D&D, and he's like, oh, what's your character? Blah blah blah, and I had to, like, cop to the fact that it's like, it's, like, my character is Thorin, and his oldest kid is named Thorin.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, boy.
Mike Hall: So…
Ben Pfaff: Well, they might come from the same source, you know?
Joe Beda: I mean, you know, it's all Lord of the Rings lore, right?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, here, I'll post the other photo from the, from the weekend, it's in the Discord, that was…
Joe Beda: Oh, that's scandalous.
Ben Pfaff: Yes, it is.
Gabe: Nice.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, come on. Nice.
Ben Pfaff: Eric?
Joe Beda: Costatus, are you, with your, AI explorations.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, lord.
Joe Beda: Are you using Claude?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I'm using Claude. I pay a lot of money to Claude. I also use, I also use, Codex.
Joe Beda: Okay, the opening. My question is, with these things, what is your… what is your sandboxing strategy?
Kostadis Roussos: Depends what you mean by sandboxing strategy.
Joe Beda: Well, do you just raw dog it on your machine, or, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, because the most… so… so first of all, it's like, depends what… like, what I am doing does… is…
Kostadis Roussos: Processing documents.
Joe Beda: Okay, so you're not, like, being like, go off and write me a metric shit ton of code, come back in half an hour.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I do, but it's like, please go write me a metric or ton of code where you rearrange all of these scripts to do the data processing in this order rather than that order.
Ben Pfaff: You haven't handed them your credit card number.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Mike Hall: I have done the, just, have it go write a bunch of code and, like, generate PRs and stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I mean, like.
Mike Hall: I have a development VM that it does it in, or a development.
Joe Beda: Okay, so you do it in a VM, because I'm playing with, like, the whole dev containers thing, and, like, I'm just wondering if this is a…
Mike Hall: There's also products out there to check for, bad responses, and also.
Joe Beda: I don't trust that.
Mike Hall: I spoke.
Gabe: Right?
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Joe Beda: I don't know, so I'm just wondering what y'all do for, like.
Joe Beda: I don't want it to, like, rm-rf slash, you know?
Mike Hall: Yeah. I have a Nix… I have a Nix workflow that generates the dev container that has exactly the bits that I want.
Joe Beda: Oh, you've gone down the Knicks rabbit hole.
Mike Hall: not… I don't use Nix as, like, a full distribution, but my dev container runs as a Nix…
Mike Hall: you know, flake, or a set of flakes, or however, whatever the damn terminology is. Somebody else figured out how to do it, and I'm leveraging their thing, so I know enough about it to use it, not enough to be a nerd about it. So if you want to nerd out with me on flakes and Nick…
Joe Beda: No, no, no, you just described mine.emax right there.
Mike Hall: So, I get… actually, that was one of the additions that I had to make into the flake, or into the next thing, or whatever, was I was like, I'm done with Virtual Studio, like, it's too… like, I had to give extra memory to the VM.
Mike Hall: Even for, like, the SSH-ing in kind of stuff, because it would just.
Joe Beda: Oh, for the, like, the server components running on.
Mike Hall: So I was like, you know what? I'll SSH in, and I'll use Ghosty, and I'll just run Emacs. So put Emacs on it. And I did, and I've been using Emacs for going development, and it's been wonderful. It's like… it's like seeing an.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I just want to pause here.
Kostadis Roussos: We're sounding like those old, grumpy men right now.
Ben Pfaff: Louis is the only one who still use email.
Joe Beda: Sounding like Costatas, let's be clear.
Mike Hall: Let's be very.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, no, no, no, sorry, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: The only thing that's missing now is somebody to go for room for whom, but what about VI?
Mike Hall: So, do I need to.
Kostadis Roussos: I gave!
Joe Beda: game, it's like.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Mike Hall: Let me just…
Gabe: Game is close!
Joe Beda: He's clearly a VI user. Have you seen him play the… You've seen, like, trying to hold.
Kostadis Roussos: I've got.
Mike Hall: Nothing against VI.
Mike Hall: fine, too, but, like, I started with Emacs, and so, like, for me, I torture tested this thing, and I couldn't use it… I couldn't get it to use more than, like, 90 megs of resident memory.
Gabe: 90 megs.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, I can use VI also, it's what I pull up for a quick edit at the command line.
Joe Beda: It's not nano, I mean, like…
Mike Hall: No.
Mike Hall: Nope, man.
Joe Beda: So, so here's the thing. Back when, like.
Joe Beda: I did not use visual editors.
Joe Beda: I was an Emacs person, and I just… I don't know how I landed there, it was just default.
Joe Beda: But then my daughter is all about the VI, and she has, like, a frickin' terminal set up with the matrix scrolling and shit, and I'm like, oh god, you have too much time. So that's the argument that we have in our family.
Ben Pfaff: The thing that I imagine will cause a fight someday is that I have my coding editor set up to use proportional typefaces.
Joe Beda: But it still lines up on Tableau.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, Gabe, Gabe, he looks like he's ready for the fight.
Gabe: How… how do you exist?
Mike Hall: Well, it…
Ben Pfaff: Turns out it's…
Joe Beda: Is this an IntelliJ3?
Mike Hall: There is this, like.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Joe Beda: Is this like a, whatchamacallit? This is UMass.
Ben Pfaff: Max.
Joe Beda: Emacs. Oh, Emacs you can set up to do this shit?
Gabe: Like, diagram, like, I don't understand how you…
Joe Beda: Tap stops are different from spaces.
Joe Beda: tab equals two spaces, a tab is based on distance, and a space is based on whatever a space is. So if you are into tabs, then this works perfectly fine.
Ben Pfaff: So, I actually, I found a solution to that, Gabe, and I have it set up so that, so that comments and literal strings, text strings, are in a fixed-width text,
Gabe: Okay, that's less evil. I can kind of just see how that works.
Joe Beda: The term you're looking for is chaotic versus evil.
Gabe: We're playing.
Joe Beda: D&D here, Gabe.
Ben Pfaff: It's easier to read, and you can fit more horizontally on each line, which is really valuable to me.
Gabe: Okay, I don't know, it still feels like you're going to be formatting code differently than how everyone else sees it, like.
Ben Pfaff: What are you doing?
Joe Beda: Tabs or spaces?
Ben Pfaff: It's, it's whatever Rust format does.
Ben Pfaff: every time I save, it reformats it automatically, so… I assume it's spaces, but… I don't really know, honestly.
Joe Beda: Okay, so Rust format uses four spaces. Go format uses tabs. Okay.
Ben Pfaff: It, it doesn't, it doesn't.
Joe Beda: So this is like…
Ben Pfaff: Go vs.
Joe Beda: It really devolves to tabs versus spaces, is what I learned here.
Mike Hall: I'm fine with whatever you want your indent length to be, but I will die on the hill that the slash T, or, like, the ASCII for a tab character, does not belong anywhere in code.
Joe Beda: Oh, you mean in literal strings?
Mike Hall: No, I'm just saying, like, I… like, if you actually pull, and you, like, hex edit the… the text file, like, the Golang file, or the Rusty.
Joe Beda: But wait, wait, wait.
Mike Hall: Whatever.
Joe Beda: You program in Go, but you don't use Go format, then?
Mike Hall: I think we've con- we've… Change that to be space, white space.
Gabe: You should check. It would be very funny if your code is full of tabs.
Mike Hall: I'm gonna have to look now.
Mike Hall: My work computer's all the way over there, and I'm, like, reclining, so I'll do a.
Joe Beda: By design, GoFormat does not support an option to force spaces for annotation.
Mike Hall: Oh, then fuck, I'm using tabs.
Joe Beda: I know! Right? But what this goes to show is that, like, a convention that everybody agrees to is just far superior than whatever.
Mike Hall: Any preference…
Joe Beda: you might have.
Mike Hall: So then what's probably happening is the font lock mode on my Emacs is doing it and making it feel, like, normal to me.
Joe Beda: Right.
Ben Pfaff: So, Rust format is so freeing, because you don't have to learn how to format code. Well, now…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, this came from… I'm sure, hold on, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pause, you guys.
Ben Pfaff: I know.
Kostadis Roussos: how to use this thing called an LLM.
Kostadis Roussos: And what you do is you always say, match the code to this status.
Joe Beda: It's insane.
Kostadis Roussos: Match this code to that standard.
Kostadis Roussos: And if somebody doesn't like that standard, you tell them, what standard do you like? And then you adjust it, and you send it to them with the new standard, and you get on with your life.
Ben Pfaff: If I do it wrong, then our CI is actually going to automatically reformat it anyway, so…
Joe Beda: I mean, let's be clear, K&RC formatting is just wrong, where it's like…
Mike Hall: Tab, two spaces, like…
Joe Beda: Yeah, everything's on a new line, right?
Kostadis Roussos: You know what, I do, dude, you know what?
Kostadis Roussos: I agree.
Kostadis Roussos: I want to go blow something up. Joe, you need to write… you need to go back to being retired, because you're starting to talk about white space.
Ben Pfaff: Let's go, let's go kill something.
Kostadis Roussos: important question. Did you gain a level?
Ben Pfaff: Oh!
Ben Pfaff: You sent me that message, and I forgot.
Kostadis Roussos: That's fine.
Mike Hall: Alright, we're all on level 8 now.
Joe Beda: And I… at this point, I'm going with alert, but I reserve the right to change it later. I'm still debating what I want my feet to be.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, I thought we said… I already put canonically, you took the javelin thing.
Gabe: This was a whole thing, bro!
Joe Beda: Javelin made it that I had to take sharpshooter, but with the 5.5 rule.
Kostadis Roussos: I got rid of that rule, I'm the GM, you can be a sharpshooter.
Joe Beda: Oh, shit, okay.
Joe Beda: I don't know that I can, but let's see.
Joe Beda: I'll… I'm gonna do the 5e sharpshooter.
Kostadis Roussos: Just… yes. Somewhere, somebody decided to do balance, and I decided that they needed to.
Joe Beda: Oh, okay, I'm gonna… okay, I can do sharpshooter with strength, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: I've decided that, you know, I think it's… I think it's narratively cool that, you know, Thorin, never learned how to fire a ranged weapon, because, well, if you're working with giants, your PewDie 1d8 worth of damage compares unfavorably to the 4D30… 4…
Kostadis Roussos: 4D8.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Let me go into, roll 20.
Joe Beda: Okay, so I'm gonna do Sharpshooter, and I get a plus one to Strength versus…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: Versus DEX, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Joe Beda: Alright, we're doing it.
Kostadis Roussos: I thought, yes, I may have been a little bit too obscure in my phraseology.
Joe Beda: Well, because the 5e… they made sharpshooter better in 5.5, where you actually get a plus 1 to Strength plus all the 5e Sharpshooter.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I decided that I think it's cool, let's move on.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I'm game.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so as long as we're all game, let's start playing. Okay, so last week we all did leveling up, but we didn't handle the more important question of, you know, the role-playing, that happened, so…
Kostadis Roussos: So, a couple of things. One is that, your land… Sorry. No, that's fine. Your line is dead. Yep, no problem.
Kostadis Roussos: Your land is dead. The two drow that, saved Daz…
Kostadis Roussos: Are, conspicuously looking to leave the room and not have any conversations.
Mike Hall: What?
Kostadis Roussos: You… You're just gonna let them go?
Mike Hall: Luna, what'd you, what'd you just say?
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, there were these two drows that saved your life?
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: You know, they've decided, they're doing their best to exhunt stage right.
Ben Pfaff: So…
Mike Hall: So, I wanna ta- I wanna chat with them.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Mike Hall: Hey guys, thanks for the help.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you're very welcome. The contract, they pause and go, you survived, we will continue… we will make money from the contract, there's nothing more to be said.
Mike Hall: Who had a contract on, making sure I survived?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know. The money was provided to us in Menzo Baranzin. We took the money, and that was it.
Mike Hall: what is your order? Like, how are you, bound? Are you just, like, Very truthful mercenaries.
Kostadis Roussos: What do you mean, very truthful mercenaries? We're drows.
Mike Hall: Meaning…
Kostadis Roussos: They're trying to figure out, are you insulting them? Are you, like, they're very confused right now.
Kostadis Roussos: Well…
Mike Hall: I appreciate your help, and I appreciate the help of whoever paid the bond to help me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he goes, you're very welcome.
Kostadis Roussos: The money… the nim turns to the wizard and goes, and maybe next time you might want to learn a dispel magic spell?
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, critics, there's always a critic, always a critic.
Kostadis Roussos: But they… but what… but as they're… as they're planning to leave, so they start walking, unless anybody says anything else, they are walking out of the room.
Joe Beda: I feel like we need to engage them in some way, but I'm not quite sure how.
Kostadis Roussos: That's fine.
Mike Hall: I mean, have we seen them? Can I think back? Did we see them, like, lose.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you have never seen them before. In fact, you have no idea where they are
Kostadis Roussos: You have no idea who they are, and you have no idea why a nobody like you would be worth somebody spending money to get two highly profaned professionals to protect you.
Gabe: Do we have any.
Mike Hall: egg.
Gabe: Insight into their motives.
Mike Hall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, money.
Kostadis Roussos: Very transparent motive.
Mike Hall: Hey.
Joe Beda: Do we know… who's paying them?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you don't. What you do know is that whoever's paying them paid them in Medzo Baranzin.
Joe Beda: Wait, paid them what?
Kostadis Roussos: what the city… so the… just to make sure that you guys always remember, the main city of the drow.
Joe Beda: The place that we can't go to, because we would probably be Persona non grata, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Some… so somebody in Benzo Baranzin decided to pay… so, see, let me, let me, roll… let me just, dazz rule your history, Chuck.
Mike Hall: Alright, history check.
Kostadis Roussos: You roll it with advantage, everybody else rolls it normally.
Mike Hall: Okay, I rolled it with advantage and got a 27.
Kostadis Roussos: All right, you, you, you, you, you… okay, so you immediately put a couple of things together that are intriguing.
Kostadis Roussos: One is, whoever paid to protect you paid a lot.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Mike Hall: The way it was paid.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, more to the point, that somebody paid somebody to stop a bunch of
Kostadis Roussos: To protect you from, essentially, a hit squad from a rival house.
Kostadis Roussos: From another house.
Kostadis Roussos: So whoever paid you is involved in the Noble House Quagmire and fights.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, like…
Mike Hall: If somebody wanted us to rid this part of the Underdark of all of this bullshit.
Ben Pfaff: Oops.
Mike Hall: And continue to go.
Kostadis Roussos: Ragum will the natural 20 on Wisdom.
Joe Beda: You wasted it, man! I clicked the wrong.
Ben Pfaff: Wrong place.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, what were you trying to click? I'll let you roll.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, I, I was, I was trying to see, what, what my bonus would be if, if my wisdom was actually, 20 instead of 19.
Kostadis Roussos: Plus 5.
Ben Pfaff: Plus 5, okay.
Gabe: Upon me.
Joe Beda: Okay, so… so, somehow, we matter to the, sort of, court intrigue amongst the drow.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Or rather, no, no, not we, Daz.
Gabe: I mean, Daz, like, in character, wouldn't you want to take advantage of this? Like, you're alive right now, who's to say you'll be alive in a few minutes? Like, don't… shouldn't these guys, you know, stick around?
Mike Hall: That's a good point, that's a good point. Hey guys, what is the terms of your contract, just to make sure that I…
Mike Hall: am alive, or that I won this particular battle?
Kostadis Roussos: They, they, they, look at each other, And they go…
Kostadis Roussos: Our terms of our contract were to make sure that the other drow factions didn't get you killed.
Joe Beda: Oh, okay.
Mike Hall: Are… have you eliminated all the other drawl factions?
Kostadis Roussos: They look at each other, they say, you really want us to hold your hand until the exit tunnel a few miles down the road.
Mike Hall: I'm just saying…
Mike Hall: If you haven't eliminated all the other factions, and I go and get myself killed in the next 15 minutes, and you guys go and collect on the bond, and then your employer founds out not, it's not gonna be a good day for you.
Kostadis Roussos: They look at each other with this look of, like.
Joe Beda: So, despite your charge having been Annoyed you with this request.
Joe Beda: What would it take to engage your services on an ongoing basis moving forward?
Kostadis Roussos: They, they explained that that is a fee… that is a price you cannot afford.
Joe Beda: I don't know you.
Joe Beda: Alright, I'll take it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so they explained that, no, no, that they tried to not laugh too hard.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: What that reveals is that whoever they are, they're pretty well known.
Kostadis Roussos: Among the kinds of people who would go hire people like that.
Joe Beda: Okay, so somebody hired the first faction to protect us, gotcha.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, or something along… somebody decided to hire somebody, these two drow to protect you.
Kostadis Roussos: And thought highly of…
Gabe: Sorry, just to double check, is Ashes still alive?
Gabe: So why are these guys concluding that we're totally safe now, given that, you know, the rival…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, they look at Asha, they look at Daz, and they say, you could probably kill her in a few seconds.
Kostadis Roussos: they kind of look at what you guys have accomplished here, they look at Asha, and then they turn to you, actually, they sort of sense you're asking that question, goes, if Daz can't protect himself from a low-level cult initiate of Lolth, then, quite frankly, whoever paid for his survival deserves to lose his money.
Mike Hall: Wow.
Gabe: I mean, you know there's some evil demon god thing trying to kill us, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Our job was not to protect you from evil demon gods, our job was to protect you from two very specific threats.
Mike Hall: Okay…
Gabe: Wait, two? What are the two?
Kostadis Roussos: The, the, the, the fungal creature that you killed, Ivara of mism?
Gabe: Oh, that is very specific, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, well, I mean, yes, we were told there is a psychotic drow of house miserum, and there is a psycho… and then there is house…
Kostadis Roussos: Let me get the name again.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, do I have a name?
Kostadis Roussos: How's Tehran?
Kostadis Roussos: Which, we were told to protect you from those two groups.
Kostadis Roussos: We hoped that you'd be smart enough to avoid Ilvara, and… well, we could have handled House Terrod and whatever goons they threw at you.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. But you were able to do it quite on your own. Bravo, bravo, bravo.
Joe Beda: See, we're capable.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, this is why we're not worried about Ash of Andri.
Joe Beda: Well, you're gonna have to take it up with, with Daz.
Kostadis Roussos: We personally think that Ashe Vandri is not even, you know… they do that drow thing of, like, going, if I have to protect you from that person, then, you know, you clearly aren't worth the money that I'm being paid to protect you with, and it insults my honor to have protected you.
Joe Beda: Some circular logic there, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, I mean, it's kind of like, you're trying to follow it, and it's like, Thorin's going, this makes no sense, Daz is getting a headache.
Kostadis Roussos: Zaltir's feeling like he's in one of those old, you know, monkish meetings, meeting rooms, and he's spacing, thinking about something else.
Gabe: Yeah, not gardening, certainly, someone else is.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah. I don't know, Gregam, are you just kind of, like, going, this sounds like one of those things they covered in the monastery or the priestly circles?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, you know, there's a little bit of, like, therapist-type training involved in that, and it isn't all about killing things with dragons, although that's part of it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, okay, so they basically declare that they will happily follow Daz all the way to the exit. Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Have we had a, a long rest, or…
Kostadis Roussos: No, but you still have to talk to Asha Vendri.
Joe Beda: Okay, so what you're telling us is that we're not gonna get who their patron… who our patron is out of that.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you're not gonna get who they're paying. They don't, they don't know. They legitimately don't know.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Joe Beda: Should we capture them and torture them?
Joe Beda: Can we capture them and torture them?
Joe Beda: Okay, maybe that's a bad question.
Mike Hall: They helped us. I think convincing them to stick around and help us some more would be a good idea, but I don't know that capturing them, and if they were… if they're hired hitmen from very expensive people, they may actually be pretty competent and maybe could kick our ass.
Joe Beda: I know, I'm kidding, I'm joking.
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Zaltier's already reconsidering that. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean…
Gabe: Darren, if you go for it, I mean, I'll help you out, but, like, I wouldn't do…
Joe Beda: When I roll a 20 on the crazy scale, you're right behind me, is what I'm hearing.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so the only person who's left is Asha Vandre.
Gabe: Well, yeah, Daz, your plan, I thought, was to let her help us and then kill her and steal her magical items afterwards, but I don't know if you've changed your mind since then.
Mike Hall: That was the plan, yeah. That's the plan, I think.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so Asha Vandri has kind of recovered from her ecstatic feelings of wolf worship, and she's kind of, like, feeling great about having survived, like, she's the last survivor of this entire mission, she kept the faith, she's feeling awesome.
Mike Hall: And… Yeah, I thought… didn't… Trying to remember now, we found…
Kostadis Roussos: And by the way, in Feeling Awesome, she's starting to exhibit all those wonderful traits that dwarven clerics… Lothian dwarven clerics exhibit towards, non-drow… to non-drow and to drow males, where she's basically convinced that she is in charge of everybody and starts giving commands.
Ben Pfaff: As an orc, I'm not that pleased with getting commands from dwarves.
Kostadis Roussos: A drow, this is a drow, never mind, this is a drow.
Kostadis Roussos: Usher's a drought…
Ben Pfaff: Oh, oh, they're elves, that's right. Dark elves.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that… oh, and by the way, because you're an orc, she's immediately treating you with the abject condensation… condescension that the drow Lothian cleric.
Ben Pfaff: I certainly don't like condescension, regardless of -oh.
Kostadis Roussos: She sort of, like, marches up and says, excellent! Now that I am in charge!
Mike Hall: Do we know how… do we know how many hit points she has left, or, like, how…
Kostadis Roussos: Like, 27 hip boards.
Ben Pfaff: Let's, let's put a period after that, now that I'm in charge thing.
Kostadis Roussos: She's very convinced of her, like, infallibility right now.
Gabe: I mean, should I punch her? Like, I'm waiting for the go-ahead here.
Gabe: Wanna jump the gun.
Ben Pfaff: I'm annoyed. Go.
Mike Hall: Yeah, I think I… I mean, if she's starting to assert herself and go full… love…
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, she saw a sign from the gods. She saw everybody obliterated. She's convinced that she's blessed. She does not realize she's been part of a short con.
Mike Hall: Yeah, there you go. Alright.
Gabe: I… I teleport behind her and punch her.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, can we at least roll for initiative?
Mike Hall: Yeah, probably.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, we should at least… okay, she's got a 4, so as long as you rolled higher than a 4.
Ben Pfaff: Where am I?
Mike Hall: No, I did not.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, there I am.
Joe Beda: Oh, there I am.
Joe Beda: I assume that, like, we all gather back together before we do this, or, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Mike Hall: I look like a Gurghum.
Gabe: Wow, you're getting a bunch of natural 20s.
Kostadis Roussos: There, there go all of us natural 20s.
Ben Pfaff: I used them all up.
Joe Beda: Oh!
Gabe: Wow.
Joe Beda: I also got an actual 20.
Ben Pfaff: With a minus one?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Gregam, you're up first.
Kostadis Roussos: Armor costs 13.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, let's see, should I… I, I think I'll…
Ben Pfaff: I'd like to move closer, but…
Ben Pfaff: I can't remember where all the… Pitfalls are here.
Kostadis Roussos: As long as you're not in the circle, if you stand in the circle, you have a… you have potential blindness.
Ben Pfaff: In the… the yellow overlay circles?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Ben Pfaff: A big…
Kostadis Roussos: The big, the big glowy thing has turned into dust.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, okay, I can move here, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Ben Pfaff: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: I don't know that I need to be… I haven't actually decided what I'm doing, let's see here.
Ben Pfaff: I didn't expect to be the first one to move.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, this was very much a surprise.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, I've used up a lot of spells… Let's… Let's go for a…
Ben Pfaff: Let's go for Guiding Bolt, against, against Asha.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, so… That's only a 12.
Kostadis Roussos: That misses. She goes, I am blessed by Lolf!
Ben Pfaff: Well, shower, Thorin.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just, just…
Joe Beda: Well, I mean, I'm… All the way over here,
Joe Beda: I guess I can go, like, here, and sort of, like, Try and…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I'm assuming you're over here.
Kostadis Roussos: You're all hanging. You're all hanging.
Joe Beda: Move me to where I'm at.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, where do you want to be at? I'm assuming you're kind of, like, hanging out with everybody over here, so…
Joe Beda: Okay, so let's do that.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Joe Beda: And what's our goal here? Do we want to stop her from leaving?
Kostadis Roussos: No, she's… she's… okay, so… so let me just give you the context.
Kostadis Roussos: Lolth's cult, religious cult, is, lolth is an evil goddess.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Who's convinced that the… you know, who's convinced her clerics that, you know, that worshipping her, if you worship her, you will get more power and control over the universe. They… they also tend to view… so they are very dismissive of anybody who's not a drow.
Kostadis Roussos: and anybody who's not a female drow, and anybody who's not a cleric of Lolth.
Joe Beda: Okay, I'm none of those things.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so you're a dwarf, so you're, like, slave… slave material or better.
Kostadis Roussos: Or worse, so depending on your perspective.
Kostadis Roussos: she's…
Kostadis Roussos: As most clerics, she's been off in the wilderness for months, she's just seen her entire crew go mad and insane, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And at the very last minute, just before she thought all was lost, Inn shows up, Daz, and convinces her that a sign from Lolf.
Mike Hall: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so now she's convinced that, you know, she's just not some…
Kostadis Roussos: you know, cleric of Lolth, she is, like, a divinely touched cleric of Lolth.
Mike Hall: What she doesn't really realize is that she's, participating in, what the… what the overbright would call a Shakespearean tragedy.
Joe Beda: It usually ends for all involved… poorly for all involved.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so right now, she's convinced that, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, you know, that she's in charge. Like, she's… she's… Lolf has blessed, like, everybody, and she sees these drow here, she sees you're a drow, so she saw that, how you were very respectful of Lolf, so she's expecting to declare her, her, her, her, her, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Lothian cleric, you know, kind of thing. And for you to just go, yeah.
Joe Beda: Okay.
Joe Beda: That's all great.
Joe Beda: Do I want to kill her, or do I want to grapple her?
Kostadis Roussos: She's gonna… so, you're, you're…
Ben Pfaff: Daily question.
Mike Hall: I, I believe…
Kostadis Roussos: Enroll in Insight Check, and I can tell you.
Mike Hall: But at least the reason we started all this is that she was stirring up some shit, and was causing us problems, and that we were probably gonna die.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: Alright.
Mike Hall: So, I… I do not have… I mean, I'm not, like, lawful good or anything, I'm kind of in the middle, but I wouldn't have any convunction, like.
Mike Hall: I wouldn't have any issues with her dying.
Joe Beda: Yeah, if she enters the find-out phase, we're okay with that.
Mike Hall: Yeah, that's exactly right.
Joe Beda: Yeah, I'm chaotic neutral, so I think I'm just gonna, like, grapple her.
Joe Beda: Alright. I move here, that's my 30 feet.
Joe Beda: And that's an unarmed strike for gravel, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, yep.
Joe Beda: So, she's grappled.
Mike Hall: signals.
Joe Beda: And she takes 5 points, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, she just takes 5 points of damage. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, what's his name?
Kostadis Roussos: Nim, the fighter, returns, says.
Kostadis Roussos: When… and begins, when attacking a cleric of Lolthorin, one does not just simply grapple them.
Kostadis Roussos: One, it takes your blade and cuts their heads off.
Joe Beda: Well…
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses, he pauses and goes, Daz, I understand why your concern for your safety existed.
Joe Beda: I also put my hand across her mouth so she can't talk, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I… they're literally going, Daz, your concern for your safety was well justified.
Mike Hall: I think we've done alright for ourselves so far.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I didn't say you haven't. These are very…
Joe Beda: I'm just saying, I'm leaving it up to others, right? At this point, she's out.
Kostadis Roussos: Thor at Zalter, you're up.
Gabe: I mean, we had a plan, I'm not totally sure what Thorin's up to, but I'm just gonna stick with the plan.
Joe Beda: Alright, I just, I didn't know what the right thing to do here is, and so, you know…
Gabe: it… she, as far as I know, she is an evil cleric who is for the good of the Underdark, that she needs to…
Joe Beda: Okay, well then take care of business, dude.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I don't know how else to put it, but, like, yeah, she's evil. Like, she's evil, she's evil, and worse of all things, she's now become… believed that she's been touched by the gods.
Joe Beda: I'm just… I don't know if she's useful or not.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm…
Gabe: Okay, I'm making a call.
Joe Beda: You make the call, okay.
Gabe: Is that a hit? I don't even know.
Kostadis Roussos: 15 is a hit.
Gabe: Okay, that's 9, and I think I… I think I had my tentacles still, which would be another 2, so that's 11.
Gabe: And then because I attacked, I can attack again.
Gabe: for 8… 5, and then I have one more attack from Focus Points…
Gabe: 4… okay, that's 13 plus 4.
Mike Hall: Did she say anything about, how incompetent we are after that?
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: How much damage did you do? You did 11 plus 2? Like, how much damage have you done?
Gabe: A lot. 9 plus 2 plus 8 plus 5 plus 13 plus 4.
Kostadis Roussos: she's dead.
Gabe: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The wizard claps her hands.
Mike Hall: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Well done, well done, well done!
Kostadis Roussos: She pauses, turns to, her brother, goes, See, he wasn't completely defenseless.
Joe Beda: Taken her out.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Joe Beda: I said I could have taken her out if I wanted to.
Kostadis Roussos: Of course, being drowned, I go, and that is precisely the problem.
Kostadis Roussos: You have to understand, they're assassins, you know, this is what they do, right?
Joe Beda: I mean, I don't like killing people if I don't have to. I mean, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Again, draw to go, it's amazing that you people have made it this far.
Kostadis Roussos: And then the other one goes, thank God we were hired to protect you. You would have…
Mike Hall: Wha-wh-wh- we're doing okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You're beginning to sense that these are not, you know, the kind of people you want to be having chit-chatty conversations with.
Kostadis Roussos: They're very full of themselves, easily to put them down, etc.
Mike Hall: It's fine, like, they can be full of themselves and prove themselves that they're worth being full of themselves if they keep killing
Mike Hall: People that are trying to kill us.
Mike Hall: It's always good to have a couple more hands, but if they leave, that's fine too.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Joe Beda: So, if I attacked Daz, they would attack me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: Alright, just good to know.
Joe Beda: Dazz, don't worry about it.
Gabe: Are you gonna roll for that?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I presume at this point in time you want to go find some treasure, yes?
Gabe: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, here, hold on. Okay, I have put together some treasure. Give me a second…
Gabe: Including ESHA?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, I'll never be.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So.
Gabe: Why, Ben?
Ben Pfaff: It's a thing of beauty.
Gabe: That's.
Kostadis Roussos: Absolutely.
Joe Beda: It's very wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: Preview, what did I miss?
Gabe: Discord, don't, don't even look. It's…
Joe Beda: You'll be disappointed.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's just, you know, that, that, I, I… Pick Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so what do we have here? Alright, so let's go through the.
Mike Hall: I'm sorry, I have a migraine now.
Kostadis Roussos: Look, did you really… okay, I just have to ask you, you put green and red as your font colors?
Ben Pfaff: They're… they're the defaults, they work for me.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I…
Joe Beda: I mean, that whole screenshot is just offensive on multiple levels, but…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no.
Mike Hall: Phil, I love you, man, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Ben, I think it's awesome.
Gabe: Where do I begin? It's telling me.
Joe Beda: 2008.
Ben Pfaff: You know, I haven't… I haven't gotten this far in the industry by being like everyone else.
Mike Hall: That's true.
Gabe: Yeah, true.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, so, okay…
Mike Hall: So, is the font locked mode changing when it is recognizing.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, God, oh god.
Gabe: White fun.
Kostadis Roussos: That was shared!
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, yeah, you can configure different faces for… and fonts for different token types and so on.
Mike Hall: So, if it's, like, a literal…
Mike Hall: Or if it's… or if, like… Actually, that's pretty clutter. If it… if it finds it in the object model.
Mike Hall: It's a different… Oh, and look at that.
Joe Beda: So, that whole screenshot tells me I'm parsing XML on so many levels.
Ben Pfaff: Nice. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright, let's go back. Alright, let me go, let me go, let me pull everybody back.
Ben Pfaff: Alright. Well, yes, it is a zip file filled with XML that I'm parsing.
Kostadis Roussos: So, okay, so on the, on the drought outpost.
Kostadis Roussos: You find some coins, 480 gold pieces.
Mike Hall: Oh.
Mike Hall: Does somebody have the page opened, or I need to get it?
Mike Hall: I have it open, maybe.
Mike Hall: Oh, wait, we're holding.
Gabe: No.
Mike Hall: We're doing this now inside of… the money we're doing inside of the…
Gabe: The party inventory, yeah.
Mike Hall: Party inventory. How much gold pieces?
Kostadis Roussos: 480 gold… I'll just, cut and paste here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Mike Hall: 180.
Kostadis Roussos: I put it in the,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: Drama into gold, and 1200 silver pieces.
Joe Beda: Fantastic.
Mike Hall: 300.
Joe Beda: I made a mistake. Oh, you're gonna be back with pizza? Alright. The.
Kostadis Roussos: this.
Joe Beda: John, sorry.
Mike Hall: What's Venevue's payroll float?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, Vulcan Valves was where the guards were, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And, you know, this was the money for the salary for the employees.
Mike Hall: Is that what the… is that the… the money that you've already found?
Joe Beda: Did we run?
Joe Beda: old train?
Ben Pfaff: It looks like it.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, so remember, the drow left… after the big breakout, the drow have been going around, and she's been carrying the payroll float from then.
Gabe: Meaning… sorry, you're clarifying that the gold we found was the float, or there's additional float.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, it was the float.
Gabe: Okay, got it. Okay.
Mike Hall: That's what I was curious about.
Mike Hall: That's right. There's silver bars, there's all the gold and silver pieces and blah blah blah blah blah.
Kostadis Roussos: S.
Mike Hall: And there's nothing else, that's just what the.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Hall: Yes. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Mike Hall: 1.
Mike Hall: Alright, and I'll put those in there…
Mike Hall: Copy.
Joe Beda: This is quite the hall.
Mike Hall: Yeah, this is not a bad, bad haul. We did…
Kostadis Roussos: You also… the jailer's ring of keys, you know, they would have been very useful in the very beginning.
Joe Beda: I'm just saying, if we ever find ourselves in.
Kostadis Roussos: You fight Rangham, you found him, That had you imprisoned.
Joe Beda: Assuming they don't confiscate. Can I hide one on my person?
Gabe: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: The jailer's Ring of Keys would have been really useful at the beginning.
Kostadis Roussos: I know, but… It's like, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Just kind of… I figured Grega would pick them up and feel very good about them.
Mike Hall: We've come a long way.
Joe Beda: Northern.
Mike Hall: down silk ropes into…
Joe Beda: We need you to render your opinion here. Hey, the 17-year-old has to render your opinion. This is a screenshot of Emacs…
Gabe: Oh, no.
Joe Beda: file with a proportional font setup. What do you think of the proportional font? What's that?
Gabe: Excellent.
Joe Beda: There you have it, from a 17-year-old.
Ben Pfaff: I continue to be terrible, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So you find a… A chest, which includes things that were taken for the prisoners.
Kostadis Roussos: So, if there was anything that was missing from the very beginning, like your tooth, Thorin.
Joe Beda: Oh, yeah, I want my tooth back.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you found your tooth… your toothpack. Apparently, Elvara has been carrying this chest around.
Joe Beda: Yeah, where's my… it was in my background somewhere, I gotta find this.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you found… you found your two…
Joe Beda: very sentimental.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I just wanted you to know that you found this intimate.
Joe Beda: Appreciate that.
Gabe: Are you implying, Costatus, we can, like, add some retconned magic items that we had that we're now finding, and…
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm not saying…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You also find… A journal in dwarvish, half-water damaged, belonging to a presumed dead prisoner.
Kostadis Roussos: And a stoppered clay of flask of overbright brandy, somehow still intact.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you gonna come?
Mike Hall: paste that too, or should I, type that, maybe?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Here, there's the brandy.
Kostadis Roussos: And, the… Journal.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so that's sort of general treasure. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: on Asha…
Kostadis Roussos: you find…
Kostadis Roussos: A holy symbol of Lolth.
Kostadis Roussos: Which is worth 50 gold pieces.
Kostadis Roussos: You find… A drow chain shirt?
Kostadis Roussos: This is drow armor.
Kostadis Roussos: Just making sure I know what this is.
Kostadis Roussos: one of these cloaks.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: It basically, it's a cloak of evankind that you can't use in the sunlight, and if you use it in the sunlight, it disintegrates.
Mike Hall: Let's see… light fragile, unharmed…
Mike Hall: What kind… what cloak… what kind of thing does it do as a cloak?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Cloak of Evelyn Kind allows you to… it gives you stealth advantages.
Mike Hall: Is that something I could wear, probably?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, you could wear.
Kostadis Roussos: You recognize it for what… it's a cloak of… it's a drow version of a cloak of elvenkind.
Gabe: It requires attunement, though.
Mike Hall: Do I have any attunement slots left? Let's forget.
Joe Beda: Does the journal say anything interesting?
Kostadis Roussos: I haven't decided yet, so…
Ben Pfaff: I like the jailer's keyring, that goes back to the, beginning of our, adventure.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Mike Hall: Attunement.
Ben Pfaff: Did someone already add these to our inventory?
Mike Hall: I haven't… I added all the money to the inventory, I added everything else to the spreadsheet.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Mike Hall: Because I thought we were just keeping money in the party inventory.
Ben Pfaff: And then dividing everything else up?
Mike Hall: Yeah, and then I think we just pick the other stuff off. If… if everybody's okay, I might take the, clo- the elven cloak, since I'm an elf.
Gabe: Go for it.
Ben Pfaff: okay to me.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you also find in Elvara's paper a prayer book to Lolth. Anyone want to read it?
Mike Hall: At some point…
Joe Beda: A loaded question.
Ben Pfaff: Is it safe?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Ben Pfaff: You know, I'm the cleric, so I'll, I'll examine it gingerly.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it's just a player book, it's… you notice that it has, Zugat, Zuktmoi marginalia, you know, the margins in a different hand, since it shows the corruption timeline.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: So basically, you can see, like, she was normal, and then things started to go sideways.
Kostadis Roussos: You'll also find two sealed orders from House Miserim.
Ben Pfaff: Very nice.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. And a letter from Neverlight Grove.
Ben Pfaff: D.
Ben Pfaff: This is interesting stuff. Is there any way to tell how old they are?
Kostadis Roussos: When they were sent? The sealed orders are definitely from the time you guys escaped from House Velcan… they're, like, all relatively recent.
Ben Pfaff: Oh… Let's… Are… are… I'll, I'll open them up and read them.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so there are orders from House Miserim telling Elvara to do something…
Kostadis Roussos: etc, but she clearly chose… so it confirms that Ovara was still taking instructions from her house when Zuktmoi overtook her.
Kostadis Roussos: So, for some reason, she was still in contact with her house, still obeying orders, and then some point in time.
Kostadis Roussos: She disappeared.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so her house was probably trying to reach her, trying to give orders to her.
Kostadis Roussos: I haven't written the notes, but essentially it's like, where are you? What have you been doing? Respond, kind of thing, you've gone missing.
Kostadis Roussos: Followed by more frantic, where are you, where are you?
Kostadis Roussos: Didn't you read the previous memo?
Kostadis Roussos: What's up?
Ben Pfaff: Got it. So.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, make a… make an…
Ben Pfaff: Going on a while.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, make an insight check.
Ben Pfaff: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: And you as well, daz?
Mike Hall: An insight check?
Mike Hall: Mmm… Not great.
Kostadis Roussos: What'd you roll?
Mike Hall: An 8.
Kostadis Roussos: When did you roll?
Mike Hall: A 12, I'm about a 12.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but you're a drow, so you didn't actually have to roll very high. Alright, so, you, you immediately realize how… why… how Saran showed up here.
Mike Hall: Why did they show up here?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, because House Miserum couldn't… House Miserim couldn't find Elvara, and so probably House Turan heard that rumor.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? So they were sending messages to an agent who disappeared, and so House Turan decided to go explore said agent, and may have heard rumors about what had happened to said agent.
Mike Hall: I see.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Ben Pfaff: So, this has been noticed.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so her disappearance, her driving to insanity, her not responding to orders was noticed enough for another house to send a kill squad to go figure out what the hell's going on.
Mike Hall: And we were there to help take care of it, too.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: You also see a letter from Never Light Grove, which is a letter that was,
Kostadis Roussos: From, what's her name's agent?
Kostadis Roussos: Before she died?
Kostadis Roussos: From Olvara's agent, the one who turned into fungus food.
Mike Hall: Hmm. Yeah, the guy that was following us, or…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, remember when you meant to never like Grove, you met a drow… you met a… there was a drow?
Gabe: You mean in the ground?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, on the ground.
Gabe: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Hall: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a… it's a note from her, it says, partially legible, references the bride and a meeting that never happened.
Gabe: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, on Asha Vandri…
Kostadis Roussos: You find a bunch of scale mail, with spider fretted trim, it's $50… 50 GP gold value.
Kostadis Roussos: a holy symbol of Loth worth 25 gold pieces, you can just write the gold piece value here. So, here.
Ben Pfaff: Okay, I'll add 25 to the party inventory, then.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I just add 25, you don't… I mean, it's… I'm just telling you what it is.
Kostadis Roussos: She's got 35 gold pieces and coins.
Ben Pfaff: I'll add that.
Kostadis Roussos: 120 silver pieces?
Kostadis Roussos: Prayer beads…
Ben Pfaff: Are those useful to me?
Kostadis Roussos: They're obsidian and bone, sure.
Ben Pfaff: Pretty, anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they're pretty, I mean, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: I, I… right? I mean, you know, it's, it's, it's odd.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you also find her… you also find a sealed wax pouch.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: field wax pouch.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: Any idea what it would ordinarily contain?
Kostadis Roussos: No, you don't… it's… what you do notice is it's sealed with her personal seal.
Kostadis Roussos: Daz, if you were to pick it up, you might notice something about it, or Zaltier.
Mike Hall: I'll take… I'll pick it up and take a look at it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll an investigation.
Mike Hall: form.
Mike Hall: Not 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you'll be like, clearly, whatever is… she wrote whatever she wrote in here, so that if it was private and nobody would know about it.
Gabe: What was the first part of that sentence?
Kostadis Roussos: she wrote it in a way… she sealed the wax… she… Daz recognized it as a technique that lots, clerics, would use to seal
Kostadis Roussos: Notes they wrote that they didn't… they wanted to know if anybody looked into later.
Gabe: Oh, when you say pouch, you mean it just… there's a letter, it's like… It's a letter, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah.
Gabe: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Basically, it's her framework for why Zugatmi's claims on Loth is heareth sea, right? It's basically a long theological exploration of, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: why Zuktmoi and Loth and claiming that Loth is, Zuktmoi are the same thing, it's very tedious and boring.
Ben Pfaff: Is this pre-craziness or post-craziness, do you think?
Kostadis Roussos: Post-craziness.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Ben Pfaff: Because I've seen some non-crazy people who can write some pretty boring stuff, too.
Ben Pfaff: Is it written in a proportional or fixed-pitch font?
Gabe: Or does it vary? Yes.
Gabe: Alright.
Gabe: Okay. Is the pouch itself at all interesting? Is it magical in any way?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, it's just the standard one. Alright, there's also one weird magical item that Elara has.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a five-tailed whip with living serpent heads as lashes.
Gabe: Oh, that's fair.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so the only downside is that if you use it as it's corrupted, on any turn you attack with it, a DC-10 con save will be poisoned for run round as the spores, aerosolize.
Gabe: Is this a standard thing, or some custom campaign?
Kostadis Roussos: Here, I'll… it's a… it's a… it's a modified thing here.
Kostadis Roussos: You can either use it as is, or you can purify it.
Mike Hall: Wow.
Mike Hall: Hold on.
Ben Pfaff: The Living Serpent Head Scourge sounds… it sounds like a great museum piece.
Mike Hall: I was gonna say, it sounds like a great punk band, but…
Kostadis Roussos: So yeah, the question you have to ask is, what do you want to do? Do you want to keep the thing, or.
Ben Pfaff: How do you… oh, it has instructions.
Kostadis Roussos: Dumb.
Gabe: Oh, Don Brenner, perfect.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so yeah, so the choice you have to make is, how do you… Don Bringer, of course, is
Kostadis Roussos: Pressing outrage that she was going to be used.
Gabe: Don't.
Kostadis Roussos: It's gonna be used as, you know.
Gabe: It would have been super helpful to know this before we killed Asha, but whatever.
Ben Pfaff: Do we have easy access?
Ben Pfaff: Holy water?
Ben Pfaff: All the shrine?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, but…
Ben Pfaff: Have you seen a Loth shrine anywhere?
Kostadis Roussos: Asha's got a bunch of personal… she's got a…
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, she's got a holy symbol of Lolf.
Mike Hall: Could we dump some water in a bucket, put the holy symbol of wealth in it, and then…
Mike Hall: see if that would be… I mean, we could.
Ben Pfaff: Try it.
Gabe: Well, it doesn't matter, Dunbringer's already out anyway. If we just pick long rest, we'll be done.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: So…
Kostadis Roussos: That… that's… that's the simplest path.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and, on the Sauron Dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, the 5 guys you killed?
Kostadis Roussos: You find, two short swords, one long sword, and 85 gold pieces.
Gabe: Did one of you catch that?
Ben Pfaff: 85 gold pieces, I…
Mike Hall: I did not write it down, let me put it in here, hold on.
Ben Pfaff: I'll add the 85 gold pieces right now.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so one of you added.
Mike Hall: You're doing the party… the… party one?
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Mike Hall: Okay, cool, go ahead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, then on the body of the mage… The one you killed, Zaltir?
Gabe: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: You find a signet ring from House Tsaran, right?
Kostadis Roussos: So, Signet, Rin, House Charon, so clearly you know which house they are.
Kostadis Roussos: There is apparently an obsidian wand tipped with a captive spider in amber.
Kostadis Roussos: Not magical, but worth 150 gold pieces.
Gabe: A not-magical wand, alright?
Kostadis Roussos: It's a… it's an arcane focus, they're…
Gabe: What's a focus.
Kostadis Roussos: Wow, it must be very…
Ben Pfaff: Very fancy.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Ben Pfaff: If it was a…
Ben Pfaff: If it was, like, a captive dragon or something, I would totally adopt it as my, my symbol, but,
Ben Pfaff: Okay if we just sell that one?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so the one thing… so, so the signet ring…
Kostadis Roussos: You roll an Arcana check, I'll tell you immediately what it is, otherwise I'll tell you later.
Mike Hall: Yeah, one sec, I'm cutting and pasting into our spreadsheet. I will roll an Arcana check.
Mike Hall: Well, bam! 22.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you recognize that this provides a seal for forgery?
Kostadis Roussos: Right? It's a… it's a… it's a very useful thing to have, so you could forge orders.
Kostadis Roussos: And, it also is proof of who attacked you.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Mike Hall: So the Cesareans are out to get us, and we can now write stuff and make it look like it came from them.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: You find some orders in Undercommon, unfortunately the fireball burned some of them.
Kostadis Roussos: But you do find a note that says, the mage dazz, and confirms the extraction is alive, unharmed.
Mike Hall: what the major… Say that again, I missed it.
Kostadis Roussos: I, I put it in the, in the chat.
Mike Hall: Okay.
Ben Pfaff: Whose seal was it?
Kostadis Roussos: How's Tehran?
Ben Pfaff: House run, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I put it… I just rewrote the name in the chat.
Ben Pfaff: Do we… I don't know who that is.
Kostadis Roussos: It's a drow house. None of you know who that is. It's a drow noble… it's… it's a name that means nothing to you.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Gabe: leave a desk.
Kostadis Roussos: No, not even Daz. This is what, you know… Daz, for all of his knowledge of Med Zobaranzen, doesn't remember anything or doesn't recall anything about the noble houses.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Gabe: I don't know how D&D magical things work, but…
Gabe: Is it possible to repair this paper? Like…
Kostadis Roussos: you couldn't mint the bur… no, no, one cannot… the recovery of burnt papers does not produce a…
Gabe: That was the question, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Although, you could, for example, pay for a divination spell, so if you wanted to…
Ben Pfaff: Do you have any magic for that? Let me see here…
Kostadis Roussos: Divination might work.
Ben Pfaff: How about mending?
Kostadis Roussos: Mending will mend the paper, but it won't reconstitute the writing.
Kostadis Roussos: There's probably a spell that can make it work. I think there's, like, alleged lore might make it work.
Kostadis Roussos: There are probably things that could be made to work.
Kostadis Roussos: If you.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, I don't think I have anything else relevant.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, on the former Velking Velve drow guards…
Kostadis Roussos: Bodies are spore blasted, gears fused to flesh.
Kostadis Roussos: But you do find a steel whistle.
Gabe: Magical?
Kostadis Roussos: Nope, just a steel whistle. You look at it and remember that this is what the guards would use.
Gabe: Sure. It's a whisper.
Ben Pfaff: for… for…
Kostadis Roussos: Before they… yeah, before all of this went to hell.
Gabe: Nope.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so do you want to go look into the heart fungus?
Gabe: That sounds fun.
Ben Pfaff: Did we… we killed it? We killed it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Ben Pfaff: Otherwise, my answer would be no.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, I do want to go look at it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, do you go dig into it, or are you just gonna sort of look at it from the outside?
Ben Pfaff: how… I guess it's huge.
Ben Pfaff: I'll go poke my nose in a bit.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you notice a fist-sized, dense, pearl-like node at the center of the fungus.
Ben Pfaff: Cool. Is it… is it very heavy?
Kostadis Roussos: As you, as you get close, he realizes it radiates a residual necromantic energy, and it would be worth 300 gold pieces to the right buyer.
Ben Pfaff: It sounds really big, can we… Take a look at.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, yes, yes, you can.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It's fist size.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, why was I… somehow I was imagining volleyball size, but you did say fist size.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, this size.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah, that's a really big pearl. Go for it.
Kostadis Roussos: You also find… you also see that there are 3 sports acts.
Kostadis Roussos: So,
Kostadis Roussos: Which could be used, you, you…
Kostadis Roussos: That you can keep around and…
Kostadis Roussos: If you could find an alchemist and you get to a city, you can turn them into something.
Kostadis Roussos: Here, I will tell you what you can turn them into.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: Or sex.
Ben Pfaff: That… that sounds like fun.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Ben Pfaff: I'll add that to our party inventory, then.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and on Elvara's elevated platform…
Ben Pfaff: But only the intact ones, those are the ones I care about.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right. And on the Elvara's elevated platform, the stone art crop where she was perched.
Kostadis Roussos: You still see the,
Kostadis Roussos: little spore thing from Zoopt Boy. Does anybody want to go approach that, or do you guys want to stay away?
Gabe: Aren't I already poisoned? Like, I thought I was already in its… area, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you were poisoned, yes.
Gabe: Right, okay, so… I mean, that's…
Joe Beda: It's in different ways, and so if you need to send somebody in, I'm probably a good bet.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, but you were, you were under the… you… you approached.
Joe Beda: Oh, that's true, I'm dangerous, like, yeah, I'm uniquely vulnerable still, right?
Kostadis Roussos: You and Greg Amar have, like, spent a little bit too much time close to the Queen of Fungus.
Joe Beda: Yeah, it's all about, dose effect.
Gabe: You know, it's weird.
Kostadis Roussos: It's like… it's like radiation, man. You don't want to, like, exceed your heart rate.
Gabe: Clearly. Did we ever decide what the plan was? Like, we want to get rid of it, but do we know how?
Kostadis Roussos: As you look at it, you realize a few carefully timed arrow bolts, some fire should probably do the trick.
Gabe: Fire! I have fire.
Joe Beda: Kit with fire!
Gabe: Yeah, can I just use my fire breath on it?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, absolutely.
Gabe: Good lord.
Gabe: Well, it's an action, I can just keep doing that.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you… how many times per new can do that per day?
Gabe: Bree?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you do it one more time.
Gabe: There you go.
Kostadis Roussos: The, of course, the drago, do you have performance anxiety?
Gabe: Apparently. Who knew?
Ben Pfaff: Well, maybe he needs to make a performance check.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you burned that to the ground.
Kostadis Roussos: Surprisingly doesn't, you know, cold demonic fields don't go… don't affect you, but now that you've burnt it to the ground.
Kostadis Roussos: You find a leather-wrapped bundle.
Kostadis Roussos: Which has two unused sentences cones, a small silver bowl, and a folded cloth marked with both loths and exogotomy singles, stitched one inside the other.
Ben Pfaff: Are these ceremonial items?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they're ceremonial items, but you look at it and realize this is precisely the syncretism that was causing Asha to go insane, you know, combining loft and Zugotomy at the same time.
Kostadis Roussos: So… It's the physical evidence of the sync criticism.
Gabe: Okay, so this is some sort of, like, ritual stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but it's further evidence that Elvara had gone mad.
Gabe: Okay, but, like, this stuff isn't dangerous anymore, we don't have to destroy it, it's just evidence.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it's evidence… it's evidence that things have gotten really weird on the Underdark.
Gabe: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, a drow cleric suddenly worshipping Zugatmi and coming up with these fused relationships is definitionally weird even by Under Dark standards.
Gabe: Got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Like, you definitely should get the impression that things have gotten… mad.
Mike Hall: We have the proof.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Before I forget, that note we have, the thing about extraction contract,
Gabe: I don't think they're gonna be helpful, but can we show that to Nim and the unnamed wizard, and see if they have any insight?
Kostadis Roussos: Nim looks at it, Kalera, that's her name, looks at it, they both look at it, and they say, oh… Yes, well, apparently, somebody was paying them
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, to, to… No, that's interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: They were paying them to get Daz.
Gabe: Sounds like.
Mike Hall: To, like, abduct me and pull me out?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, apparently, that's why that's what they… yes, apparently that's what they were… oops, very interesting.
Mike Hall: Why has everybody focused on me?
Ben Pfaff: Well, you are.
Kostadis Roussos: Kalera looks at you, the wizard looks at you and goes, that is an excellent question. You don't belong to any noble house, your background is a complete mystery, you suddenly show up, and all of a sudden, we're contracted to protect a nobody. Do you know how much money that required us to get, for us to do?
Mike Hall: I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: A lot. Like, they interrupt you. A lot.
Mike Hall: So then maybe there's more to me than meets the eye?
Ben Pfaff: Oh, baby, you've got some mysterious background that you don't know about.
Kostadis Roussos: They pause and go, yes, yes, yes, that's what every orphan thinks.
Ben Pfaff: Have… have you considered…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you have daddy issues? Do you have mommy issues?
Kostadis Roussos: Every drow thinks there's some noble things. For all we know, this was a game being played by the houses.
Ben Pfaff: Expensive game, though.
Gabe: Hmm.
Mike Hall: for… they prefer.
Ben Pfaff: They usually wouldn't burn money like that.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Mike Hall: Yeah, we know ignorant supposition is probably not useful.
Kostadis Roussos: That way.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, what did you say?
Mike Hall: I said, for all we know, ignorant supposition is not useful.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, I'm just telling you.
Mike Hall: Send that to, to the wizard.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, she goes… Perhaps, but we're not paid to think that hard.
Gabe: Gustadis, can you remind me, in this game universe, I don't remember how we were all jailed in the first place. Like, were we jailed together, or was it…
Kostadis Roussos: You're all jailed in… you're all jailed in the same…
Gabe: Right, right, but, like, were we acquired together, or were we each separately apprehended?
Kostadis Roussos: So we went backwards and forwards on this, but we agreed that you had…
Kostadis Roussos: We actually never decided, so it could be whatever you want.
Gabe: So what I'm wondering now is, if this is all about Daz, were we all, like, just brought in because he was, you know, there's this whole thing about apprehending him, and we're all kind of along for the ride, and can blame Daz for all of our worldly
Gabe: You know, challenges.
Kostadis Roussos: That…
Mike Hall: I don't… I, like…
Ben Pfaff: It's always possible that we were…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, actually, I do recall that we did say you guys were a group at the time, that's… we did resolve that, so yes, for all you know, the reason this all got started was because you decided to be friends with the wrong draft.
Ben Pfaff: Hmm… yeah, maybe… maybe they captured all of us, but we were just a bonus, and Daz was the focus.
Kostadis Roussos: Or a minus, or whatnot.
Mike Hall: I literally have no idea why there's all this focus on me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: Does it just be on a draw?
Mike Hall: Of the party?
Kostadis Roussos: It could be… it could be anything, like, you don't know. This is… this is a mystery that will reveal itself over time.
Mike Hall: You know what would help?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Mike Hall: To audit their books.
Ben Pfaff: So, I… I was thinking,
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, first. Dude, canonically, you do actually… you have read Milo Goodbarrel's book. You have a copy of it, remember?
Mike Hall: Yeah, I have a copy of it, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, at this point in time, everybody's heard you say this about 20 times, so do they groan or do they laugh?
Mike Hall: It's more of a groan now, but yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: People just… the party food.
Mike Hall: It's like, it's like my real life, where I quote the big Lebowski so much that my wife just rolls her eyes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, unless there's anything else…
Mike Hall: Opinion, man.
Kostadis Roussos: unless there's anything else you want to do here, the good news is that thanks to Nim and Kalera, and the fact that you're relatively close to the overbite, after several months of schlepping through the Underdark, you escape out into the sun and go.
Kostadis Roussos: Huzzah.
Gabe: And I assume Des took his cloak off, otherwise it'll…
Ben Pfaff: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and I'm assuming all relevant things were taken. You've all been long-rested, you're all, like, you've all made it to the top.
Kostadis Roussos: You're feeling good?
Mike Hall: Well, I would take… before I went into the brightness, I would take any cloak off and put it in.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm assuming you're… I'm assuming you're… you're not fools.
Gabe: Bizarre, you said long rest, which also means that we have purified the…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gabe: Average of 5 heads, or whatever.
Gabe: Okay.
Ben Pfaff: Now, how.
Joe Beda: But is that the ugliest narrative for the party?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Joe Beda: The thing that you copied and pasted says.
Joe Beda: Any of the three works, pick whichever is narratively ugliest for the party.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, it was meant to be challenging, but I… I just said it's like…
Joe Beda: That's okay, I'll have it.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, it is narratively ugly? Because, like, Dodbringer's throwing a temper tantrum.
Joe Beda: Okay, all out.
Kostadis Roussos: Dan Ringer's basically going, I'm not some kind of magical wizard thingy that purify things. I am a high-quality sunblade. I kill things.
Kostadis Roussos: I will not be treated like a religious symbol to be used and waved over corrupt, like…
Kostadis Roussos: There's a whole speech about…
Joe Beda: Do I need to show you the scabbard again?
Mike Hall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: After seeing the scabbard, they're like.
Kostadis Roussos: I suppose… I suppose I could do you this one. I could do this solid for you.
Ben Pfaff: Which of a scabbard do you need for something that doesn't have an actual blade?
Joe Beda: Okay, let's… this is a sensitive subject.
Kostadis Roussos: How much did we spend on the scabbard, do you remember?
Joe Beda: I don't know, it was… but it's the, it's the Vaultmaster Locking Scabbard.
Ben Pfaff: Is it one of those things where, no, you technically don't need one, but you really want one?
Joe Beda: I mean, it's to show off with your friends, it's the Vault Master.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, right, right, right, I remember the Vaultmaster, and the one where we discovered… we discovered we could call it the Vaultmaster 2000, and the Vaultmaster… Yes.
Joe Beda: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: To the whole concept of, like, you know, scalable business model.
Joe Beda: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: With upgrades. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: So, canonically, what happens now is you guys make it to the surface, you're kind of like… you're crawled out of nowhere, and you have a few months to chill out and relax. So, if there's anything you would like to do that requires a few months, tell me what it is, and we will assume it happens, and then the next phase of the adventure will begin.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, well, where… where are we?
Ben Pfaff: Are we in a city?
Kostadis Roussos: You are in… I mean, you can be anywhere you want.
Mike Hall: So, we… we broke… we got out of the Underdark.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Mike Hall: And our… and, like, we became a party because we were all trying to get out of the jail and get out of the Underdark.
Mike Hall: Is there a thread that's still holding us together once we get above the… into the…
Kostadis Roussos: It's totally up to you. I mean, Zaltier could be like, I've seen… it's been real guys, but I'm not hanging out with some drows nutjobs anymore.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm figuring…
Mike Hall: I'm very… I'm very… like, I'm intrigued, because normally I'm… I'm pretty reserved, and nobody knows who I am.
Mike Hall: And so I'm kind of intrigued to figure out, like, why there's all this focus.
Mike Hall: on, like, trying to extract me and or protect me. Yes. And maybe there's a play. These are very powerful houses, I've never had money.
Mike Hall: If these are very powerful houses, maybe there's a way that I could make it in and become… like, I could figure out what's going on, and so I talked to the guys as we're walking up to the first bar, in the Overbright, and I'm mentioning to them, like, this just doesn't make sense, maybe you guys help me figure it out, and we can split the proceeds.
Ben Pfaff: So, is this sort of a research project?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it would be a…
Mike Hall: In a way, I would think so, yeah, like, like, why? I have no idea.
Kostadis Roussos: So, like, for example, there's Who is Jim Jar? You guys…
Mike Hall: Yeah, cause he…
Gabe: Yeah, Jim Junk.
Mike Hall: rather matchable.
Gabe: But…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there's Who the hell is Jim Jones?
Mike Hall: By the way, where's Gobble? Is he with us?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, he's… he's… oh yeah, Glavagul's still with you.
Mike Hall: Okay, good.
Joe Beda: I assume sometime over these months, I get some javelins, so, like, I'm putting those in my inventory.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, of course.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Ben Pfaff: Is Glab Agul happy with his current living arrangement?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, dude, he's seeing the whole… he didn't even know there was an overbright.
Ben Pfaff: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? He's… I mean, he's sort of in a bag of holding with his two eyes looking around.
Ben Pfaff: Oh yeah, I like the art that you made for us, that made me come to terms with the whole thing.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, Glavagul is kind of like, you know, kind of looking around. He's very excited, he's got the two big googly eyes.
Kostadis Roussos: He's feeling very good about himself.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, okay, so you want to do some research on…
Kostadis Roussos: I will have to come up with that backstory, so I'm not ready for that. So you want to go find out… you want to go find out?
Mike Hall: I'm just trying to think of a motivation that keeps us together working on stuff, because I am kind of curious. I don't understand why everybody's coming after me.
Mike Hall: And everything's related to me, and it doesn't make any sense to me.
Joe Beda: I'm just curious to see what the fuck's going on, so that's, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… so I think the most obvious place for you guys to go is… is the, is Candlekeep.
Kostadis Roussos: That's the biggest… Location on the Sword Coast.
Kostadis Roussos: Full of, scholars and…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, it's… if you want to go find a sage who's an expert in something obscure, that's the place to be.
Kostadis Roussos: So, we'll just declare that you guys make it to Candle Key. So, just to give you guys… let me see if I can find a map very quickly.
Gabe: Very Baldur's Gate.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gabe: Baldur's Gate. Yeah, yeah, I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I mean, it's… it's… Where do you go? To Candleep? Where else would you go?
Mike Hall: So my wife just sent me something that I found kind of funny.
Mike Hall: And I'm gonna post it in the AI chatter on our Discord, in case anyone wants to see it.
Ben Pfaff: I never would have known that McDonald's knew about, you know, linear versus other time.
Mike Hall: I don't know if that's real, but it kinda looks real.
Ben Pfaff: Why wouldn't it be real?
Gabe: That's cute.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm… Let me do my map.
Kostadis Roussos: I think that finding a map would be an easy thing in this game, but no, I don't…
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So, alright, so yeah, so Kennelkeep is… To the south of Waterdeep.
Kostadis Roussos: Which is the city you guys are most familiar with.
Kostadis Roussos: And we will, stop, hit there today. If there's anything else you would like to do, so you want to learn about
Kostadis Roussos: Jim Jar, right?
Kostadis Roussos: So there's Learn About Jim Jar.
Kostadis Roussos: Learn about who the hell House Chiron is, and why would anybody be interested in a nobody?
Kostadis Roussos: Thorin, is there anything that you want to get… are interested in?
Joe Beda: I mean, I like to smash things, so anything that…
Ben Pfaff: Some sort of tournament, maybe?
Joe Beda: Yeah, I mean, I'd love to… to…
Joe Beda: Let's see… I mean, my armor class… I could always do with, like, more damage, you know?
Joe Beda: But…
Ben Pfaff: Oh, like, magical weapons?
Kostadis Roussos: Biden is upset.
Joe Beda: What's that?
Kostadis Roussos: Don Bringer hears that and is upset. You're not planning to get rid of me, are you?
Joe Beda: No, I'm wondering, is there something we can do to juice Dawnbringer so that Dawnbringer does more… damage?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, to make me more deadly.
Joe Beda: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, she goes, I like the way you think.
Joe Beda: And maybe not quite so afraid of the dark.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not afraid of the dark, I just don't like the dark.
Joe Beda: Gotcha. Okay.
Joe Beda: So noted.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm not afraid, I just don't like the dark. If you had been stuck in the dark, like, then of course we'd go into a whole.
Joe Beda: No, you're totally valid. I mean, maybe we need to get you a therapist in these months.
Joe Beda: To work through the trauma, That you're a suck.
Kostadis Roussos: I think that would be a very appropriate use of time.
Kostadis Roussos: You go to Candlekeep to see if there's anybody who knows anything about how to deal with traumatized intelligent weapons.
Joe Beda: I mean… But I can validate Dawnbringer's feelings.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, I think… I think that's a great, I think that's a great idea. You're… you're coming along because you're thinking, maybe Candlekeep as someone who can help with your…
Joe Beda: Where do we go? Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: with your swords, I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: Not… not… Dotburg, of course, is convinced that nothing… that they have nothing wrong with them.
Joe Beda: No, but it doesn't hurt to talk to somebody. I mean, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: You know, it's like, it's a waste of your money, but it's your money kind of thing.
Ben Pfaff: So, even the regular therapists charge a lot? I can't imagine the, the specialty,
Kostadis Roussos: The sword, the sword… the sword special.
Joe Beda: The Sword Whisperer.
Ben Pfaff: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Gregam, is there anything you want to accomplish so that I can prepare.
Ben Pfaff: So, if Daz needs any help with his research, I'm happy to help with that. I'm also… I have not been to Candlekeep before, so if there's any temples or shrines to Bahamut, then I'm gonna go explore those.
Kostadis Roussos: So there's… there's not, but there's a lot of literature about Bahamat.
Ben Pfaff: Oh, can I pick up some pamphlets?
Kostadis Roussos: You could pick up some pamphlets, you could go read about the stories, you could learn about Stroud, you could learn about all sorts of things.
Ben Pfaff: Okay. So, I guess Daz is also doing research, so maybe we'll end up in the same places anyhow.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. Okay, so off to… off to Candle Keep you go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Ben Pfaff: And, I think as a party, we have quite a lot of money here, so we should probably consider some investments.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Joe Beda: Or distribution. I mean, I don't need it, so, like, I think we should invest as a group.
Joe Beda: So, are we gonna just become a frickin', sort of, private equity firm that does some adventuring on the side?
Ben Pfaff: Well, when I say investments, in this case, I mean buy some stuff to help us in our adventures.
Joe Beda: No, I think we should actually look to consolidate all of the, merchants of some sort, and, take control, and like, can we do a private equity play while we're in town?
Mike Hall: There's that whole consultancy firm that Ezra started 100 years ago or so, that is doing pretty well, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you know, that's right.
Joe Beda: Are they looking for LPs?
Kostadis Roussos: I was… I'll just pause here for a minute. Okay, we're stopped. I… one of the things that always drives me nuts about Dungeons & Dragons is, how can you construct a narrative in a world where people go from, like, level 1 nobodies to level 20 demigods in, like, 3 months?
Mike Hall: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: Like…
Kostadis Roussos: And so, I spent some time this morning trying to come up with it, and I hit on a narrative. One is, you know, the Fermi Paradox. Where are all the 20th level adventurers?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so the first rule is that very few people can become adventurers.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? For lots of reasons. Secondly, most of them die.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? It's a high… it's a high potentiality thing. Third, you can't get above the 20th level, because magic.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Mike Hall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, what that results in is 20 very high-powerful adventurers suddenly become sort of a strategic asset for organizations.
Joe Beda: Or maybe you can get above 20th, But…
Joe Beda: Once you cross that threshold, you can't communicate back. I mean, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right, right. And that's why people… that's why liches exist, that's why vampires exist, it's all people trying to find ways around… they're trying to hack the rules.
Kostadis Roussos: That's why they're… you know, so that's one thing. But the other thing that it does is it provides a lot of explanatory power over, you know, why monsters are so deadly.
Kostadis Roussos: It's not that the goblins are… try to kill the first-level characters because they're half-crazed creatures. They know that if they don't kill the first-level characters now, in two weeks, they might show up as third-level characters.
Kostadis Roussos: 5th level characters with fireballs.
Joe Beda: Just gotta stomp them out early.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Why… why are the upper levels of dungeon so deadly? You'd be insane!
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so then it pushes on another trope, which says, you know, what's the role of quest givers?
Kostadis Roussos: Think of them as talent acqui- talent acquisition specialists.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. I mean, poor.
Joe Beda: portfolio theory, you just gotta send a lot out there, and maybe.
Kostadis Roussos: And these high-level guys, they're worth a lot of money, so if you're the guy who discovered them, that's worth a lot. You become the guy who discovered
Kostadis Roussos: You know, the first faction.
Ben Pfaff: You're the… the talents and acquisitions guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, you're the guy who discovered the first… you know, so you guys made Ezra's career
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Because, you know, he found you. Like, everybody wants to talk to Ezra, like, to learn about the Ezra technique.
Ben Pfaff: But the whole time, we thought we were exploiting him.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, no, no, he, you know, so, yes, so it creates… I found it amusing, because it creates a very elegant way to make it so that it all makes coherent sense.
Ben Pfaff: So, this… if you haven't seen, Delicious and Dungeon on Netflix, this, this addresses another one of the, contradictions of, of, of D&D. They, they set up a whole ecology of the dungeon, explaining, you know, what happens to, all the, the, all the bodies, and, the, the adventurers and…
Kostadis Roussos: Send it to me, send it to me.
Ben Pfaff: Sure, sure.
Joe Beda: That's funny.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it was great catching up with you guys. We will continue next week.
Ben Pfaff: Looking forward to it.
Mike Hall: y'all, too.
Kostadis Roussos: Take care.
Joe Beda: See y'all.
Ben Pfaff: Bye.
Mike Hall: Bye.